Improve Code Coverage setup troubleshooting instructions (#31219)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/code_coverage/setup.md

datadog-ci coverage upload --skip-git-metadata-upload=1 .
{{< /code-block >}}

### Datadog UI does not show changed files in the PR view

By default, the "Changed files" table will only contain executable source code files that are present in the uploaded coverage reports.
You can use the "Non-executable files" or "All" toggles in the table header to show all files that were changed in the PR, regardless of whether they are executable or not.

> {{< img src="/code_coverage/non_executable_files.png" text="Changed non-executable files" style="width:100%" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="/code_coverage/non_executable_files.png" text="In Changed files, you have the option to select Non-executable on the table header" style="width:100%" >}}
```

If a source code file is mistakenly considered non-executable, it is probably missing in your uploaded coverage reports.
Make sure that you are uploading all of your reports and double-check your coverage tool configuration to ensure coverage data is collected for all relevant files.

Test sources are not considered executable files as they are not part of the production codebase that is subject to coverage measurement.

### Datadog UI shows incorrect file paths

> Code Coverage relies on the file paths in coverage reports to be either absolute or relative to repository root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code Coverage relies on the file paths in coverage reports to be either absolute or relative to the repository root.
```

> If the paths in your report are relative to a different directory in your repository, you can specify the base path relative to repo root with the `--base-path` option when running the `datadog-ci coverage upload` command, like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the paths in your report are relative to a different directory in your repository, specify the correct base path (relative to the repo root) with the `--base-path` option when running the `datadog-ci coverage upload` command, like this:
```
